#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - favOriTe"
(It looks like lunch time at school)
(And coincidentally, the members out there are Chuu, Choerry and YeoJin)
(Suddenly Yves appeared!)
'Why are they so excited?'
(They are so enegetic today, and It looks awkward even to LOOΠΔ TV PD!)
(Do you know the reason why they keep taking a pose like that?)
(Because of HeeJin's commercial which became a hot issue recently!)
HeeJin: Focus
JinSoul: You can try, YeoJin!
YeoJin: Focus~!
JinSoul: Oh, come on~
(The fans watching it would be focused on her definitely!)
YeoJin: Focus~!
HeeJin: Stop it~
(It's JinSoul's turn!)
JinSoul: Focus~
HeeJin: She doesn't know what is 'Focus'
(Maybe she doesn't really know it...)
HeeJin: I'm sure! She doesn't know it!
JinSoul: Choerry doesn't know it~
Choerry: I know, I know!
HeeJin: Definitely she doesn't know it!
Yves: I can do!
Yves: Please, I can do!
Yves: Let me try~!
(Attention all the advertisers, this is Yves!)
(This is the dignity of the original)
HeeJin: Just try to be chic and cool as much as you can
(Okay, HeeJin. We're getting focused!)
JinSoul: Okay, let's try it together!
(Now you can understand LOOΠΔ TV #375.5, right?)